// CONCEPTS
criterion	"ConceptPlayerHello"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_HELLO" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerPain"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_PAIN" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerBehind"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_BEHIND" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerCoverReload"	"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_RELOAD" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerGiveAmmo"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_GIVEAMMO" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerGiveHealth"	"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_GIVEHEALTH" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerTaunt"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_TAUNT" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerKill"			"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_TAUNTS" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerDeadPlayer"	"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_DEAD" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerDeadPlayerAnswer"	"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_DEAD_ANSWER" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerDied"			"Concept"	"TLK_DIED"	required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerAttacking"	"Concept"	"TLK_FIREWEAPON"	required

criterion	"ConceptPlayerHelp"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_HELP" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerThanks"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_THANKS" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerIncoming"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_INCOMING" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerEnemy"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_BATTLECRY" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerFollow"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_FOLLOW" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerLead"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_LEAD" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerGo"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_GO" required

criterion	"ConceptPlayerThrow"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_THROW" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerDeployManhack"	"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_CAST_MONOCULOUS" required

// VARIABLES
criterion	"IsPlayer"			"classname" "player" required
criterion	"IsPlayerCitizen"		"gordon_precriminal" "1" required
criterion	"IsPlayerVoiceCombineSoldier"	"voice" "combine_soldier" required
criterion	"IsPlayerVoiceCombineElite"	"voice" "combine_elite" required
criterion	"IsPlayerVoiceMetroPolice"	"voice" "metropolice" required
criterion	"IsPlayerVoiceCitizen"	"voice" "citizen" required
criterion	"IsPlayerVoiceZoey"	"voice" "zoey" required
criterion	"IsPlayerVoiceBill"	"voice" "bill" required
criterion	"IsPlayerVoiceDefault"	"voice"	"none"	required
criterion	"IsPlayerModelMale"	"femalemodel"	"!=1" required

// ENEMIES
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsCombine"		"playerenemy" "npc_combine_s" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsHeadcrab"		"playerenemy" "npc_headcrab" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsHeadcrabBlack"	"playerenemy" "npc_headcrab_black" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsHeadcrabPoison"	"playerenemy" "npc_headcrab_poison" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsHeadcrabFast"	"playerenemy" "npc_headcrab_fast" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsZombie"		"playerenemy" "npc_zombie" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsZombieTorso"	"playerenemy" "npc_zombie_torso" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsZombieBlack"	"playerenemy" "npc_poisonzombie" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsZombieFast"	"playerenemy" "npc_fastzombie" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsScanner"		"playerenemy" "npc_cscanner" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsStrider"		"playerenemy" "npc_strider" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsManhack"		"playerenemy" "npc_manhack" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsMetro"		"playerenemy" "npc_metropolice" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsZombine"		"playerenemy" "npc_zombine" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsHunter"		"playerenemy" "npc_hunter" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsCitizen"		"playerenemy" "npc_citizen" required
criterion	"PlayerEnemyIsAntlion"		"playerenemy" "npc_antlion" required

criterion "PlayerEnemyIsAHeadcrab" required
{
	PlayerEnemyIsHeadcrab
	PlayerEnemyIsHeadcrabBlack
	PlayerEnemyIsHeadcrabFast
	PlayerEnemyIsHeadcrabPoison
}
criterion "PlayerEnemyIsAZombie" required
{
	PlayerEnemyIsZombie
	PlayerEnemyIsZombieBlack
	PlayerEnemyIsZombieFast
	PlayerEnemyIsZombieTorso
	PlayerEnemyIsZombine
}

// INCLUDES
#include "talker/player/humans.txt"

#include "talker/player/combine_soldier.txt"
#include "talker/player/metropolice.txt"

#include "talker/player/l4d_zoey.talker"
#include "talker/player/l4d_bill.talker"

