// CONCEPTS
criterion	"ConceptPlayerHello"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_HELLO" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerPain"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_PAIN" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerBehind"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_BEHIND" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerCoverReload"	"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_RELOAD" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerGiveAmmo"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_GIVEAMMO" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerGiveHealth"	"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_GIVEHEALTH" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerTaunt"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_TAUNT" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerKill"			"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_TAUNTS" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerDeadPlayer"	"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_DEAD" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerDeadPlayerAnswer"	"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_DEAD_ANSWER" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerDied"			"Concept"	"TLK_DIED"	required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerAttacking"	"Concept"	"TLK_FIREWEAPON"	required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerAnswer"	"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_ANSWER" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerExpression"	"Concept"	"TLK_PLAYER_EXPRESSION" required

criterion	"ConceptPlayerHelp"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_HELP" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerThanks"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_THANKS" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerIncoming"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_INCOMING" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerEnemy"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_BATTLECRY" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerFollow"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_FOLLOW" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerLead"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_LEAD" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerGo"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_GO" required

criterion	"ConceptPlayerThrow"		"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_THROW" required
criterion	"ConceptPlayerDeployManhack"	"Concept" "TLK_PLAYER_CAST_MONOCULOUS" required

// VARIABLES
criterion	"IsPlayer"			"classname" "player" required
criterion	"IsPlayerModelMale"	"femalemodel"	"!=1" required
criterion	"PlayerHasEnemy"		"playerenemy"	"!=none" required
criterion	"PlayerNotHasEnemy"	"playerenemy"	"none"	required


